---
layout: default
---

# **Welcome to CryptoPixelSpace**

### You can check our [opensea](https://opensea.io/CryptoPixelSpace) and [twitter](https://twitter.com/CryptoPixelSP/) for the latest information

### [**Link to Map**](./another-page.html)



### CryptoPixelSpace

Cryptopixelspace is an open game world based on Ethereum blockchain decentralization and virtual meta universe. Cryptopixel space NFT holders can import their NFT into the game. In the future, cryptopixelspace may support the import of real-world object scanning into the game. There you can play with friends, fight and train pixel characters, trade items, decorate your land and customize your virtual characters. Everything will be discovered and created by the player. Most importantly, we will add tokens generated by mining, smelting, forging and virtual character transactions to the game, which will support the operation of the whole world. The token will log into the exchange after the official release of the game. Because the whole platform is based on blockchain technology, cryptopixelspace expects players to control the whole game world.  





### Vision

Introducing blockchain into games is the main vision of cryptopixelspace, which also includes that players own their digital assets in their accounts connected to their wallets. These accounts can be accessed using the metamask login option, which allows the use of hardware wallets such as ledger and trezor. They also support various login methods, such as Facebook, Google, Twitter or regular email login. Players are free to transfer, exchange, sell, trade, or use their NFT in the game without the consent of cryptopixelspace or any central entity.  





### Project Schedule

We plan to release a beta version of the game in the third quarter of 2024. However, with the expected increase of our NFT strategic funds, we hope to speed up this process and release the public test version as soon as possible.  





### Journey

In the next time, when our team continues to develop cryptopixelspace, we will regularly send updates, previews and work progress to introduce our progress in detail and show you our ongoing work. We want to make sure that you, our community, are with us every step before the game is released.  





### Behind

When it comes to creating truly exciting games, we are eager to bring together more professionals and industry-leading experts and creative personnel to work together and finally help us realize the vision of cryptopixel space. If you have ideas and ideas in this field, please contact us.

